well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
solutions to the problems because I have
a couple people messaged me saying hey
you know will you talk about this but
you're not offering any solutions this
is a very complex issue and it's gonna
take a lot of time to unravel there is
no shortcut no there is ok so what's the
goal the end goal is to get rid of the
sparks right that's the end goal we want
to stop the inciting incidents from
occurring that's the whole idea if we
can do that we can achieve peace and
love and harmony and all that good stuff
so why make it more complicated than it
needs to be we can use a tactic that
President Trump likes to use all the
time money doesn't even require going
through Congress or the Senate just a
pen stroke
okay so Trump signs an executive order
and that executive order requires that
any officer who has had more than one
use of force complaint within the last
12 months whether it is founded or not
is terminated within 30 days or the
department loses all eligibility for
federal funding of any kind the sharing
programs the equipment transfer programs
the training grants everything it's all
gone from that point forward we have a
new agency put it in the Bureau of crime
statistics or whatever okay
this agencies job is to evaluate use of
force complaints from that point forward
now the department's still evaluates
them but this agency evaluates them to
it and it's not staffed by cops it's
staffed by civil rights advocates I'm
sure there are a whole bunch of people
with the ACLU that would be happy to go
through the investigative training
required to determine whether or not
these cases are founded or unfounded now
if they find that any complaint is
founded any complaint even just one
that person's gone permanently their
name goes into a database if you are a
department and you hire them you become
ineligible for federal funding now that
seems like a whole lot of work for this
new agency so let's make the departments
kind of plate police themselves clean
themselves up a little bit right okay so
the next phase of this is to say that if
a department finds a complaint unfounded
and the new agency finds it as founded
they lose eligibility for federal
funding there you go
super quick super easy can be done with
a pen stroke no debate it's just done if
Trump wants to lead wants to show that
he's tough wants to show that he can
handle it there's a solution because it
will have an immediate impact is it
going to solve all of the problems
no but it's going to drastically reduce
them real quick and it is going to
change the culture within law
enforcement because the leadership is
going to require it because otherwise
they can't have all those admin
positions they're not gonna be able to
afford them they're not going to have
their cool little toys it's gonna be
real hard to pay for a lot of the stuff
that they have because they're not
getting that funding it's an executive
order
there's nothing unconstitutional about
it nothing illegal about it real simple
immediate reform and hopefully it would
change the culture within the
departments because they have to
accurately assess whether or not a
complaint is founded because they know
they're going to be checked anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good day